

    Contact Us
    Webmail
    Log In
    Sign Up

    Free WebsitesProducts
    Website Building Tools
        Website Builder

        Create your free website with our easy-to-use tools
        Online Store Builder

        Start earning online by building your eCommerce website.
        Scheduling Software

        Integrate your website with user-friendly online scheduling capabilities.
        Website Templates

        Jumpstart your website with over 400 customizable templates to choose from.
        Multilingual Website

        Build your multilingual website to cater to different regions and grow your audience.
        Web Design

        Enhance your website with our expert design services, from simple touch-ups to full-scale creation, and achieve the results you deserve.
    Essentials
        Domain Names

        Buy and register a domain for your website and online presence.
        Email

        Get your custom email address to enhance your professionalism.
        SSL for Secure Websites

        Secure your website and gain trust from visitors with SSL certificates.
    Domain NamesEmailPricingResources
    Learn How To Create a Website

    Follow our step-by-step article about our site builder and how to build your website.
    Explore How To Create an Online Store

    Watch in-depth videos about our ecommerce solutions and how to sell online.
    Discover How To Create a Multilingual Website

    Learn the basics of building a multilingual site with Website.com tools to expand your reach.
    Learn How To Track Site Traffic

    Understand how to track your website performance with Google Analytics.

Your Online Journey Starts Here:
Free Websites, Emails, Domains, Done Right.
Free Website Builder
$0 and up
Start For Free
No Credit Card Required
Email@YourDomain
$1 / Email box
Get Email
Domain Registration
$0.01 / 1st Yr
Buy Domain
Online Scheduling
$0 and up
Get Scheduling
Online Store
$0 and up
Sell Products
Our customers say
Excellent
4.6 out of 5 stars based on 154,000+ reviews
Customer Reviews
Website Templates, Made Easy.

Explore responsive, stunning customizable website template designs tailored to thrive in your industry.
Create Your Website Now
Make your own website.

Whether you're growing your business, selling online or establishing an online presence - discover the easiest way to get online with the Website.com website builder.
Get A Free Website Now
Dream it, build it.

    1. Start with a stunning theme

    Our layouts make it simple to get started. Fresh designs make it easy to make a beautiful, responsive website for any industry.
    2. Customize with your own content

    Add and customize sections. Choose font pairings, add images, and customize with your own text to make your website your own.
    3. Be found online

    Grow your audience with your perfect domain name, SEO tools, social media and third party features.

Make Free Website Now
Beautiful websites for any goal.

Whatever the industry, make your online presence stand out.
Photographer Portfolios

Showcase your work online with professional layouts, engaging galleries, and simple contact forms.
Life Coach Websites

Build client trust with a professional online presence. Add a blog, testimonials and forms. Optimize with third-party integrations.
Small Business Sites

55% of consumers search online before making a purchase. Create a professional website with the features you need to grow your business.
Online Stores

Get the tools you need to power your online store. Beautiful product galleries, diverse payment methods, member checkouts, and more.
Real Estate Websites

More than 51% of buyers find their homes online. Create your real estate website with engaging galleries and professional features to gain trust and enhance your sales.
Therapy Sites

Speak to your ideal client and express your therapy specialization with website designs loaded with industry-specific content.
Reach international heights with multilingual sites.

Easily cater to site visitors from across the pond. Our website platform allows you to create a multi-language website so visitors never miss a beat - no matter where they are.
Create My Multilingual Site
Build on the go, right from your phone.

Don't want to log onto a computer? You can create a professional website on any desktop or smart device (and your website will be optimized for both desktop and mobile devices!).
Build Your Website Now
At any stage, look like a pro from the word "go."

Start with a designer layout and start developing your online presence. Customize anything by changing text, layouts and images, or adding features to grow your business.

Make My Website Now
Hands down, the easiest way to make a website.

Start with a ready-to-go template to get online right away! Just add your content and choose premade sections to quickly launch your online presence for any industry. Explore online store features, social media integrations, contact forms and more. A few clicks later, you're online with a responsive website for all devices.
Build My Free Website
How to make a free website

    Sign up for a website builder plan and start with a pre-built layout.
    Add your own images, logos, and text to build your brand.
    Add or remove sections to customize your web pages.
    Grow your business by adding ecommerce features and third party integrations.
    Publish your site and grow your audience with SEO, social media and marketing features.

Make Free Website
FAQs

    How to make an online store for free?

    With a free Website.com plan, you'll have the ecommerce tools to set up your online store and add products right away. You have the option to add advanced functionality and marketing features as your business expands.

    Here are the steps to make an online store for free with our tools:

        Sign up for a Website.com plan.

        Open the Store Manager in the website builder.

        Set up your online store with contact info, payment methods, shipping & tax rules.

        Add products, images, prices, inventory and more.

        Organize products into collections, and customize your website design.

        Promote your store with advanced SEO and marketing features as your business grows.

    We're committed to helping you get online and grow your business, which is why Website.com doesn't take any commissions on your sales.
    How much does a website cost? What does a Website.com subscription include?

    The cost of running a website can be broken into 3 main elements: the domain, hosting, and the way to make the website.

    A domain is the unique web address that visitors can type into the browser to find your website, e.g. www.website.com. A domain name is typically a yearly cost, ranging from around $20/year and up.

    Website hosting allows your website files to be stored and seen on the internet. This is typically a monthly ongoing cost, usually around $14.99/month and up.

    The website platform used to create a website is another factor to consider. The cost of making a website may vary depending on whether you choose a DIY approach, or hire a web designer or developer. Hiring a web expert can be a significant expense that generally requires an initial design cost and an ongoing maintenance fee.

    With Website.com premium plans, everything is included to create your website, including a professional domain name for 1 year, web hosting to host your content, and a website builder with easy tools to create your site, sell products, reach international audiences, and market your online presence. Premium plans range from $3/month (promo price for the first year), which is an extremely cost effective way to own a professional website.

    With a free Website.com plan, you can get a free website name and get online entirely for free. Keep in mind that Website.com premium plans include a professional domain name registration, more website pages and advanced features to lend more professionalism to your site.

    Your web content will be stored on our secure servers located in Vancouver, Canada.
    How easy is it to make a website? Can I make a website without knowing how to code?

    Using Website.com is the easiest way to make a website! Our tools provide the freedom to create your free website without any design or coding knowledge. You can even create your entire website, from start to finish, right from a mobile device! Just start with a pre-made layout, add your own website content, and click publish to get your responsive website online. Need a hand? Our team of designers offer design services to help you craft your website on the Website.com editor, so you can have total control of your website after your design is complete.
    Why does my business need a website?

    Today, 91% of consumers look online to search for goods or services, and 84% view a business with a website as more credible. Owning a website is crucial for small business owners in order to gain credibility and get found by both new and existing customers.

    With Website.com, we provide the tools to publish your online presence as fast as possible.
    Why is Website.com the best choice to make my website?

    With Website.com, experience the freedom to create a unique and professional website on your own. The Website.com website builder is the easiest way to make a website, and you can even create your entire website using your smart phone! You can start with a layout and personalize it, or hire our design experts to make your website for you.

    When you choose Website.com, you're choosing the absolute easiest tools to create a professional website: professional layouts, free stock photos, free secure web hosting, and a committed support team. You can even make an online store entirely for free.

    With over 1 million websites built with Website.com, you'll be in good company.
    Do I need a domain name? How do I get custom domain emails?

    Yes, every website on the internet needs its own domain name for visitors to be able to find it. A custom domain name can make your website look professional online. It builds your brand, makes your website more memorable, and helps visitors find you online. With Website.com, you can start with a free website name, and all premium Website.com plans include a professional custom domain name for 1 year at no additional charge!

    Domain names are vital to anyone's online presence, but its value is also often undervalued. Problems can arise when domain names are left to expire or become open for anyone to register under their name, from identity theft and impersonation to extortion and malware injection. This is why Website.com offers domain auto renewal feature to help prevent these problems from appearing. Let us know if you are unsure about whether your domain name is set for auto-renewal.

    Using your custom domain name in your email address (info@yourdomainname.com) can further build your brand and create a sense of trust throughout your customer communications. Website.com Elite plans and above include professional emails at your domain name and a mailbox to store your emails. You can read your emails anywhere, or even set up emails to be accessed on your phone!
    Can someone make a website for me?

    The Website.com website builder is easy to use, and is great for a DIY approach. If you would rather have someone create your website for you, we can take care of it! Our Website.com designers offer web design and marketing services so you can focus on your business. Your website will be published on the website builder, allowing you to easily make future tweaks to your design at no additional design charge. Or, feel free to reach out to our team if you need design services after launch.
    How do I make my website mobile friendly?

    Globally, 62% of users access the internet using a mobile phone, which means having a mobile-friendly website is key for reaching potential visitors. Mobile-friendliness is also a crucial aspect of SEO.

    That's why all websites made with Website.com are responsive, which means they are automatically optimized for both mobile and desktop devices! Your Website.com website will provide website visitors with an amazing user experience, whether they're viewing your website on their phones or on a computer.
    How does my website get found on Google?

    Earning a top ranking on Google's results pages can significantly increase your website traffic and strengthen your business.

    Website.com has SEO (search engine optimization) tools to help get your website found on Google and other search engines. Explore simple one-click mobile optimization, a site map generator, and the ability to employ on-page SEO techniques like image titles and content keywords.
    How does your money back guarantee work?

    We want you to feel confident when you subscribe to our yearly plan, so we offer a 30-day money back guarantee. If for any reason you're not completely satisfied with our service, please don't hesitate to reach out to our customer support team within 30 days of signing up. We'll be happy to process a refund of your service fees and make sure you're taken care of.

    Refer to our terms and conditions for full details.

Rated 4.6 Out of 5 by 154,000+ Customers

Shopper Approved®
Customer Reviews
The site builder everyone's talking about.

As seen in

    Nasdaq GlobeNewswire
    Business Insider
    Yahoo! Finance

Free website plans, and beyond.

From start to finish, the Website.com builder provides all the features you need to create your entire website for free.

When you're looking to advance to the next level, we've got the premium website features to extend your business.
Create Free Website

See How Our Website Builder Works

    Product
        Website Templates
        Website Builder
        Online Store Builder
        Online Scheduling
        Multilingual Website
        Domain Name
        Professional Email
        SSL For Secure Websites
        Web Design
        Plans & Pricing
        Webmail Login
        My Site Login
    Features
        Quick-launch Templates
        Mobile-Friendly Editor
        Mobile Responsive Websites
        Image Editor
        Free Stock Images
        Website Video & Audio
        Smart SEO Tools
        Google Analytics
        Social Media Integrations
        Contact Forms
        Custom HTML Capabilities
    Company
        Our Blog
        About Us
        Careers
        Press and Updates
        Contact Us
        Reviews
        Terms & Conditions
        Privacy Policy
        Cookie Policy
        Domain Registration Agreement
        ICANN Registrant Rights and Responsibilities
        ICANN Registrant Educational Materials
        ICANN Registrants' Benefits and Responsibilities
    Support
        Resources
        Website Builder and Web Design Articles
        Learning Center
        FAQ
        Forgot Password
    Copyright © 2004-2025 Website.com Solutions Inc. All Rights Reserved. All other trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective holders.

TOP
